So we're gonna now go into
this last little part.
And there's two things I wanna do.
First, I did wanna show you a plugin
that I think embodies vim correctly.
It was written by this person
I did tweet out, I asked him,
Timothy Pope as the Pope of vim which
of his two pictures could we use?
And of course, instead someone just
made this which I feel like is
the most appropriate form
we could make for Tim Pope.
It contains all the right
facets to be able to do this.
There we go, everything's ready,
we're awesome.
See, I'm still using plug, just like
what I showed you to use plug's great.
All right, so
I don't think anything broke.
So the plug I really
like is called Fugitive.
If I do this what it is is Fugitive
allows you to look and get, right?
There's a whole set of things around get,
now it why in bodies the vim kind
of spirit, is that I can walk up to it,
I can press a single character and
it does exactly what I think
I'm gonna do as for stage.
I want to stage all of it.
I want to unstaged all of it.
I want to stage these two things.
I want to take this tea that we did and
I just want to get rid of it, right?
It's gone, it's not a part of this.
It's been deleted from my system.
It's also out of all of this.
I can add all these together and
then I can press CZZ I've just
stashed all those changes.
They are now in my Get stash, I can do CCA
come right back to where we were be able
to do that I can go on top of this, I can
look at the two differences between these.
I can go to the previous file,
right you can actually see
right here I'm inside of get.
I'm actually inside of the other one,
the historical one.
I can navigate back out of
here I can go to the new one.
This is the one we're doing right now.
It has a bunch of stuff and everything
is all done via the keyboard but
not just simply scrolling to each choice,
right.
So when I wanted to stash
CZZ it is just like another
command to do exactly what I want.
So, it takes a long time to get
to know all of these commands.
But in the end what makes it so powerful
is that it's just like the rest of
vim when I wanna do something like muscle
memory takes over and it just does it.
I don't have to scroll to the right place
to be able to add the right things,
I don't have to do all that instead,
I can just do the action.
I can do CC, I can go right
into a commit message, right?
Do all that committed,
you'll show me everything that's changed.
I can get push and
just push it right onto Master,
so then nav playground you just
got a whole bunch of extra stuff.
And it's going to go do that I
luckily cloned it down with HTPS.
So it doesn't work for me to push it up.
It's gonna try to ask me to do that.
This is something that I think embodies
the right method which is whenever you're
doing things with them,
you should try to think why am I not
pressing like a couple
keys to do what I want?
Why am I searching,
why am I taking this extra time?
Why am I treating it as if it's
like a mouse based UI, and
I'm trying to find the right thing.
Something is fundamentally
broken about that and
you'll never really enjoy
the fast speeds of at all.
If you're always having to do this
like kinda slow based searching to
get everything done and that's kinda
how I think the ideal plug ins work.
It's also why I've said multiple times
that I'm not the biggest fan of fuzzy
finders, I think fuzzy
finders are great stop gaps.
But if they're your primary form of
navigation, I do think it's wrong.
Because if you're in any sizable project,
you have to type in a decent amount of
characters to get to where you want.
And then you end up having like just
the dumbest set of characters in your head
like I need to go to performance handler.
I'm gonna go capital PE,
capital HAND, right?
You have to come up with like all these
ways to be able to get to what you want
and it's like never the right way, right?
That's kind of how I think about it
Is that great for stopgap, great for
the zero 60 but there has to be better.
Well, the next thing you can do is you can
always use your already loaded buffers.
This is better, because then the amount
of stuff you type is much smaller, right?
Now it's smaller,
it's a little bit easy but still,
there's a lot of cognitive overhead.
I just think something about this still
doesn't feel quite the right way and
I think this works with any plug in you
use requires you to think a lot instead of
memorizing some command that becomes
second nature as you use it enough times.
I feel like something's broken about that.
Some things you just can't
get away from new project.
You got a fuzzy find your way in.